we have the next contestants on
Belt chelsea queues
but in many ways
it seems to me that today
Mustafa position
directly
but they were relaxed because
what is it none of them is an old song
had time to win
the competition should bring joy
the title then parents for youth
are nice
same well educated and they and
immensely gifted payment terms with
using two attempts did not respond to our
opponents are categorically not
liked your hat and this one
gray suit ka 52 thanks
world wide web
in france experiment decided
make a new region olga winds do
what we should do best
more students have already been torn down
thanks to which the entire cost of the ticket
equal repent only research later
great national holiday most
great which celebrates the parties
the hosts should not be too much due
peak fashion is not enough that it was impossible
it was immediately apparent not passed
he does not intend
Besides
just for this norm
We are trying to pay more percent
attention to veterans
child in the bitter family
when I speak
plus besides he has to get used
he says he has two children
among the population
besides united Russia
but not justified
workplaces
us economy
moreover i and
people died
if we give up
I'm in life
the song turned out to be the answer to the protests
and attention
but
thank
you know, that's how you talked about
touch the classics very
complicated
tel very scary when
modern arrangement of crowns to
the edges come across yes suddenly often and
it seems on the site sport will spoil now
guys this is luck this is good this is cool
it's a ounce oz
if vacation is how do you rate it
execution
as for emotion it was even too
many but wrong and there were emotions
emotions were on stage and emotions were in the hall
wound up
assured us all
so
there were some problems
small glory
now if what was done
both beautifully performing this song
should be in your every speech
if I announce the consequences and not
to be connected
in the seventies i would say distinguished and
art director Viktor
jerkiness
and at home
holding the congress forced the roles and
key professionals require drivers
seeing once no
I did not understand 25 35 place
thank you so much pleased and
I am proud of you, thank you
census
guys
what I really like is that you
choosing a material is still being brought into it
some kind of your own paint
individuality is very cool and in this
songs she really
It turned out to be so slimy
fun 10 but maybe this is too
ahead could be too there was more
gestures than required songs but for
this track piece
10 points I think what to teach
As for the TV channel ictv
I, too, crabs are very positive
special
performing here such as chelsea groups
peers of those who sit in the hall therefore
Here is such a hot reception from a drink
thanks to this
work managed depended on it
great thank you and really
the best
well now capital